docs: update development guides (#271)
localstack/docs: content/en/developer-guide/contributing.md

-   Every Pull Request should include a test verifying the new/fixed behavior.

Atomic commits correspond to the smallest, most meaningful change you can make to the code. You can keep your pull request as a draft if you are still working on it. Upon completion, you can mark the pull request is ready to review for further comments and feedback.

Every PR should demonstrate that the change works. Tests play an especially important role when we develop AWS service emulators. To get started with writing LocalStack tests, have a look at our testing guide. We would also like if tests are using [snapshot testing](https://localstack.cloud/blog/2022-08-04-parity-explained/#parity-tests-with-snapshot-testing). Additonally, 
run formatting and linting locally: `make format` and `make lint` on your changes to ensure that the linting checks don't fail.

### Reviewing pull requests

After landing your pull request, the codeowners will be automatically assigned who will review it and provide actionable feedback. Don't hesitate to contact the maintainers on the Slack community if you are awaiting your first review or you have made all the required changes.

> Maintainers expect the comments to be resolved once a review has been completed. You can provide updates if you are still working on it, to help us understand the areas where we can help. After the pull request is reviewed and approved, we would squash all the commits before we officially merge it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers expect the comments to be resolved once a review has been completed. You can provide updates if you are still working on it, to help us understand the areas where we can help.
LocalStack uses a squash-merge workflow. After the pull request is reviewed and approved, we squash all commits in the PR to a single commit before we officially merge it.
```
